Mark:Susan is going to get a divorce .
Jhon:How do you know that ?
Mark:She told me that Peter and she has a quarrel last nigh , and she left this morning , bag and baggage . 
Jhon:I see . But I think you are making a fuss .

Mark:these days too many people are getting divorced .
Jhon:If they live together , then at least they're finding out if they're really compatible or not .

Jhon:what is happend with Mari and george ?
Mark:They got a divorce at last .
Jhon:It's inevitable . 
Mark:Their love was built on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks.

Jhon:what is happend with Mari? 
Mark:I heard she has passed the bar exam and married recently .
Jhon:Oh yes . 
Mark:She had a beautiful wedding in Cozumel Mexico and we all attended .

Abigail:That's why we want to have a look at other hotels .
Abigail:We don’t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception .
Jhon:Iguess you're right .

Abigail:my husband's parents flew out to see my family when we got married in my hometown , so that was great .
Jhon:Some people spend ridiculous amounts of money on extravagant wedding receptions , but we agreed that makes sense .

Jhon:what was your wedding ceremony like , Abigail ?
Abigail:my husband and I got married in a registry office with just two friends there as witnesses . 
Abigail:But then we had three parties to celebrate .

Jhon:Is that your wedding ring Abigail ?
Abigail:I'm not married yet . 
Abigail:It's my engagement ring .
Jhon:Well , congratulations .

Jhon:You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine.
Mark:yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year .
Jhon:why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? 
Mark:We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant

Mark:For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .
Jhon:That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library. 

Mark:Actually , even though we have parades , most people just use the national day holiday to visit family or go shopping .
Jhon:In the evening , many people watch special TV shows which celebrate national day .

Mark:what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ?
Jhon:I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week .

Mark:Do you want to go out to celebrate my good news ?
Jhon:sure , where would you like to go ?

Mark:Which university did you graduate from ? 
Jhon:I graduated from Peking University .

Mark:How you celebrate your Valentine’s Day with your wife ? 
Jhon:I will take a rain check .

Abigail:Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ? 
Margaret:I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .

Margaret:When did you get started ? 
Abigail:I began blogging when I first went to the US for my strides .

Abigail:I heard your son recently graduated.
Margaret:Yes , my little Paul is finally a doctor . 

Margaret:What about Pamela ?
Margaret:I heard she has passed the bar exam .
Abigail:Yes , and she married recently .

Mark:What do you mean by " us " ?
Abigail:Well , we used to talk to each other .

Mark:Where are you going ?
Abigail:Back to live with my parents . 
Mark:That's something else I used to do before we were married .

Mark:I'm going to get married next month .
Jhon:Good news ! And congratulations ! 
Mark:You are invited to my wedding .

Abigail:when are you getting married ? 
Margaret:some time next year . 
Margaret:We haven't set the date yet .
Abigail:congratulations

Margaret:How are you Abigail? 
Abigail:I'm doing really well . 
Abigail:I got married about three years ago . 
Abigail:I have two kids now .

Abigail:I've fallen in love with george .
Margaret:really ? Is he married ?
Abigail:no , of course not . He is still single .

Jhon:what do you think about Abigail and george ?
Jhon:Do you think they two will get married ?
Mark:Yeah , you can count on it .

Jhon:Frank's getting married , do you believe this ?
Mark:Is he really ? 
Jhon:Yes , he is .

Jhon:Any good news ?
Mark:Yes . I'Ve won the first prize in the math contest .
Jhon:Really ? Congratulations !

Mark:I won first prize in the poetry contest .
Jhon:Come on ! You're pulling my leg .

Abigail:I won a prize last week but it was a prize for beginners .
Abigail:My prize was for the best player in the country .
Mark:Now let's start playing chess seriously .

Mark:george has loved writing since he was a very little boy .
Jhon:yes , he won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school .

Mark:I buy a lottery ticket every week and I'm amazed that I haven won a small prize yet .

Mark:mari won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ?
Jhon:I read that she trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles .

Mark:You're a very good player
Jhon:Not really , but once I won a prize .

Abigail:Any good news ?
Margaret:I'Ve won the first prize in the math contest .
Abigail:Really ? Congratulations !

Abigail:What time shall we meet at the bus stop ?
Margaret:Let's meet at 12 thirty . 
Abigail:it will probably take us three or four hours to see all of the exhibits .

Jhon:How was your meeting with Abigail?
Mark:we would be in a meeting and she would say , yesterday I was chatting with Tom .
Mark:She meant Tom Solomon

Mark:I just want to get to my meeting ! 
Mark:I can't go to your party .
Jhon:That's too bad . 

george:I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting . 

Mark:Let's go today to the pool .
Jhon:I couldn't do that .
Jhon:I have an important meeting to go to today .

Jhon:I'll have to meet my girlfriend at the airport then .
Jhon:We'd like to invite you for our dress party tomorrow evening .
Mark:I will definitely come .

Jhon:I wanna finish my drink first .
Mark:I'll meet you at Sammy's .
Jhon:I wait you .

Jhon:Don't you know our movie starts at seven ? 
Jhon:And we were going to meet at the theater at five to seven .
Mark:oh , I forget that .

Mark:I was thinking that I'd like to invite you to watch a movie . 
george:I can meet you at the cinema gate .

Mari:I'm sure you can do it very well . 
Mari:Then I'll meet you at six . 
Mark:Is that at all right ?
Mari:Yes .
Mark:OK .

Jhon:where and when should I meet you ?
Mark:we'll pick you up at your place at noon . Be there or be square !

george:what about Mark ?
george:did you tell him?
Mari:he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .

george:We're only switching two days . 
Kriss:You can do legs on Friday .
george:Aright . I'll meet you at the gym at 3:30 then .

Kriss:When can we start working on this , george? 
george:Well , we could probably get started with a preparatory meeting this afternoon at 2:00 .

Kriss:I got hurt when fixing the light , even during office hours , I wouldn't get compensation from our company since repairing is not my responsibility .

Kriss:There are so many nasties on the internet and so many people who are trying to use the internet to hurt other users .

Kriss:What's the matter ?
george:I've got a really bad headache and my stomach hurts .

Kriss:what's happend with Jhon .
george:I think he's hurt his back . 
Kriss:What shall we do ? 
george:We'd better not move him .

Mark:I was really very , very nervous just before I had the surgery , but the anaesthetist gave me an anaesthetic and the next thing I remember was waking up after the surgery .
Mark:It must have really hurt afterwards .

george:Tell me a little bit about yourself , please .
Kriss:I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics .

george:Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?
Mark:Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE .

Mark:What band did you pass in Japanese Language Proficiency Test ?
george:I passed the Band two in LPT , but I will try to achieve Band one which is the highest level .

Mark:How are your English and computer skills ?
george:I have passed the CET - 4 and 6.As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing .

george:I'Ve got good news . 
Mark:what ?
george:I have successfully passed the first two rounds of interview with ABC Company .

Mari:How many months are you pregnant ?
Abigail:Three months .

george:It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people .
Mark:Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks 

george:I want to know whether you will come to the interview . So have you accepted offers from other companies ?
Mark:No , I haven't got one by now .

Mark:can I help you find something ?
Jhon:Yes , actually I'm looking to buy a camera .

Mark:Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . 
Wilson:I'd like to buy a new car . 
Wilson:Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ?

george:How bad did I do ?
Mark:To be completely honest , you failed your test .

Tina:I need a new suit . 
george:why ?
Tina:I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp .

Tina:That's why job interviews are important to let people know the real you that they can't see from a piece of paper .

george:Good morning . Thank you for the interview .
Kriss:No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?
george:Actually , I enjoy both .

george:Hey , could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?
Kriss:The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides .

Kriss:If you pass the interview , the personnel department will inform you within two weeks .
george:But if I don't pass , will you call me ?
Kriss:I'm sorry we won't .

Kriss:Hi , George . I'm going to have a job interview next week . 
Kriss:Could you give me some advice ? 
george:Sure . First of all , it's very important for you not to be late .

Kriss:Any good news ?
Mark:today i have been married to the most beautiful women in the world for 15 years .

Kriss:Any good news ?
george:my daughter will be born tonight at midnight .
Kriss:Well , congratulations .

Kriss:the romance studio interviewed me as a featured author .
george:oh , good i am very happy for you .

Jhon:I did not tell you ?
Mari:about what ?
Jhon:i'm interviewed on montana public radio today about my life.

Margaret:i'm getting married today .
Mari:Well , congratulations .

Margaret:today me and matt got engaged and here is my ring . 
Mari:Well , congratulations .

Kriss:should probably let you all know that nathan and i are now engaged .

george:I did not tell you what happen with tomas?
Kriss:no , tell me.
george:tomas divorced katty and take her alone .

Kriss:Where was the engaged held?
Mari:george and i got engaged in roma .
Kriss:great , congratulations .

Tomas:When did you get married?
Jhon:two days from now .

Jhon:i have good news for you .
Mark:really , what ?
Jhon:i finally got accepted into howard university .

george:i am very happy for mario .
Jhon:what happens with him ?
george:mario passed the final exam for this year .

Kriss:Why are you happy ?
Mari:i've just signed my deal with authentik artists .
Kriss:very good .

Kriss:what is the lastest news jhon ?
Jhon:i just accepted the company's ( generous ) offer and will be starting my new job on monday 18 january .

Mark:Do you know what the news of our friend tom ?
Kriss:tom got accepted into grad school and a new job in the past three days .
great .

Margaret:i got accepted into syracuse university .
Mari:I am proud of you .

Mark:i got accepted into the business program at duke univ .
Kriss:very good , congratulations .

Mari:what is the lastest news of bati?
Kati:bati won the 2010 calgary choice awards in arts and culture .
Mari:that's great .

george:We're having a party at our house today, and you're invited .
Mark:for what ?
george:we celebrating my brother's graduation from university .
Mark:surely , it is my pleasure .

Bati:why you so sad ?
Mari:i failed that exam .
Bati:oh , i am sorry for you .

Bati:Hi , Tina , I'Ve got good news .
Tina:tell me .
Bati:i was very honoured and humbled to win this award today .
Tina:wow , i am very happy for you .

Kriss:What is the latest news of your working life ?
Tina:i accepted a job offer in columbus and will begin august 2 .
Kriss:great .

george:I'm so happy for karla , she finally has good news .
Kriss:What is her latest news ?
george:finally, karla's son passed the exam .

Bati:where mira ? Why didn't she come with you ?
Tina:mira celebrating her son's birthday today .

Kriss:Hi George, how are you, why didn't you come with our friends ? we are waiting for you .
George:No , i can't , i celebrating my one year anniversary with my beautiful wife .

george:Mom, did my sister call you, what are the results of her competition?
Tina:she won a couple of addy awards for her package design .
george:Wow , that's great .

Bati:What is the latest news of your university life?
Jhon:i got my first college acceptance letter and i got accepted into penn state university .
Bati:great , it is a very good university .

Tina:you know what happen with tom ?
Kriss:No , tell me .
Tina:tom has been accepted to the georgia state university college of law .
Kriss:great .

Kriss:i am very happy for our freind tom , finally he take back his right .
Jhon:What are you talking about ?
Kriss:tom won his lawsuit for stealing his car .
Jhon:it is a good news .

Jhon:Did you find a job recently ?
Mark:yes , i started the new job on july 1 .

Tina:What are all these preparations?
Jhon:today my wife and i celebrate our 1st wedding anniversary .

Kriss:John, you change a lot .
Jhon:yes , i lost weight a lot after dieting .
Kriss:This is better for your health .

Tina:i want to celebrate my birthday tomorrow , so you are invite kriss .
Kriss:Certainly , it's my pleasure .

Jhon:Will you work in your uncle's company ?
Mark:No , i've accepted the job at stanford .
Jhon:really ? 
Mark:Yes , I am very excited .

george:i accepted their offer and am now the newest member of the hays reading branch finance and accountancy team .

Tom:Mari left her house, you know ?
Kriss:really ? why ?
Tom:she bought a new house .
Kriss:I hope it's better .
Tom:Yes , and it's very beautiful . 

Jhon:Did you start a new job?
george:Yes , on monday i start my new job as web producer for twin cities public tv's new weekly arts series .

george:What happened to you ? 
Mark:i had broken my leg two days ago .
george:Oh , i am so sorry . 

Tom:i accepted an offer from google and started working .

Tom:why you are happy ?
Kriss:i am happy for mari , she won the national award for fashion .
Tom:this is good news .
 
Frank:i accepted their offer and i am now the newest member of the hays reading branch finance and accountancy team .

Tomas:i will start a new job tomorrow after looking for several months .

Jhon:We have to go to John's house for consolation .
Mark:consolation ?
Jhon:yes , dani marked the anniversary of his mother's death today .

Kriss:You won't congratulate me ?
Bati:for what ?
Kriss:I won a prize for the best student of this year .
Bati:congratulations .

Tomas:I heard you graduated this year .
Tina:Yes , defending my thesis went great .
Tomas:congratulations .

Jhon:I like Maria, she is a beautiful girl .
Tomas:tony is in relationship with maria .
Jhon:are you really sure?
Tomas:Yes .

Bati:why karolina did not come ?
Tomas:karolina's son has an exam tomorrow , she help him with his lessons .

Tina:i got a promotion at job .

Tomas:I will leave this university ?
Tina:why ?
Tomas:i've got an offer from cambridge .
Tina:that's great .

Bati:you look so tired .
Tina:i am very sick .
Tina:i have a fever . 
Bati:i will call the doctor .

Jhon:i'm excited ! i have a job interview tomorrow .
Kriss:i wish you the best .

george:i have a bad news .
Tina:What's up ?
george:mira will have an surgery next week .
Tina:oh , my darling .

Kriss:jim make a contract with his manager .

Jhon:What's the news of you and your wife?
Kriss:i started the new job in the American Communications Company .
Jhon:ezabela got a job at boston college and she will be moving back to USA soon .
Kriss:It's very good news .

Tina:What is the news of your children, sister?
Mari:mario passed the final exam for this year .
Mari:kareem get to finish his masters .
Mari:ezabela got a 95% on her first tough exam of the semester .
Tina:I am happy for you my sister and proud of your children .

Bati:yesterday my husband and i renewed our wedding vows on our 20 year together anniversary with our two teenagers by our side . 

Kriss:today is my wedding day .

Kriss:today is my birthday .

Kriss:today is my 11th wedding anniversary .

Tina:i am happy for bati .
Jhon:why ?
Tina:she finally start moving into her new house.
Jhon:oh , she finished preparing the new house ?
Tina:Yes .

george:Where will you spend your vacation ?
Mark:i will be moving to london at the end of the week , and i will stay there the next three month .

george:i'll be traveling to USA to see a moral monday protest .

Jhon:Why are you packing your bags ?
Kriss:i am moving to bristol .
Jhon:I will miss you a lot .

george:what is the lastest news about mira ?
Bati:finally , she got the apartment! she is moving on february .
george:very good , congratulations .

Tomas:luke and i will be moving to san francisco later this month .
Jhon:when will you come back ?
Tomas:after three month .

Mark:i am moving to US in 3 weeks .
Mari:Are you going to settle there ?
Mark:i Have not decided yet .

Tom:I'm sad for Joy .
Bati:why ? what's happend ?
Tom:Joy's father died and he is very depressed .


